docs(rgbpp-sdk/btc): sync sendRgbppUtxos updates in readme (#40)
ckb-cell/rgbpp-sdk: packages/btc/README.md

console.log('txid:', res.txid);
```

> Construct a RGBPP sync transaction from a CKB virtual transaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Construct a isomorphic RGBPP BTC transaction from a CKB virtual transaction:
```

```typescript
import { sendRgbppUtxos, BtcAssetsApi, DataSource, NetworkType } from '@rgbpp-sdk/btc';
import { RGBPP_UTXO_DUST_LIMIT, BTC_UTXO_DUST_LIMIT } from '@rgbpp-sdk/btc';
import { Collector } from '@rgbpp-sdk/ckb';

const service = BtcAssetsApi.fromToken('btc_assets_api_url', 'your_token');
const source = new DataSource(service, NetworkType.TESTNET);

const ckbVirtualTx: RawTransaction = {
  // ...
  inputs: [
    /* RgbppLock cells, and an optional paymaster cell */
  ],
  outputs: [
    /* RgbppLock/RgbppTimeLock cells, and an optional change cell */
  ],
} as any;
const ckbCollector = new Collector({
  ckbNodeUrl: 'ckb_node_url',
  ckbIndexerUrl: 'ckb_indexer_url',
});

const psbt = await sendRgbppUtxos({
  ckbVirtualTx, // a CKB virtual tx containing "L1 -> L1" or "L1 -> L2" action

>   paymaster: {

Reviewer 2: paymaster is optional
